the Emmys were handed out last night
Americans were glued to their
televisions watching football not the
Emmys watching the Rams in the browser
so the lowest rated Emmys ever by a lot
they're saying if things get any worse
they may have to add themselves to the
in memoriam reel I was at the Emmys last
night Guillermo and I were there and for
me more than hanging the Emmys is a
chance to learn what shows my wife has
been secretly watching without me oh
he's great I'm like oh really how do you
know that what time do you get home last
night Garrett really yeah it's even
later from Guillermo by the way has some
exclusive interviews with the winners
from the Emmys moment I always look
forward to that
you know Game of Thrones won the most
enemies of any show this year they want
12 including the big one Best Drama and
so many of the awards last night went to
foreigners there were so many British
people on stage I didn't know if I was
watching the Emmys or the Downton Abbey
movie it was really Phoebe Waller Bridge
was the big winner she went for her
acting writing and best comedy she is
something else she created two shows
fleabag killing Eve she's writing the
next James Bond movie she must really
type fast is all I get bigger the Emmys
rotate from network to network every
year is so this year there on Fox and
next year there will be on ABC and Fox
tried to do things differently they
didn't have a host and instead of a red
carpet they had a purple carpet which
looked like the skin Barney and made a
rug out of it as far as the ratings go
they definitely miss some chances to
make the show more interesting I mean
you had three Game of Thrones cast
members nominated in the same category
why not have them fight it out on stage
that's a no later than that the award
for most interesting performance on the
pre-show last night went to one of the
stars of Empire Terrence Howard who
apparently has a lot more on his mind
than just doing TV shows you made huge
headlines when you said after you can
these 15 episodes of Empire you got to
walk away for a while or forever for
good I'm I mean everyone keeps trying to
tell me don't say it's forever
but I spent 37 years pretending to be
people so that people can pretend to
watch and enjoy what I'm doing when I've
made some discoveries in my own personal
life with the science that you know
Pythagoras was searching for I was able
to open up the Flower of Life properly
and find the real wave conjugations that
we've been looking for for 10,000 years
why would I continue you know walking on
water for tips when I've got an entire
generation to teach a whole new world
you know I was thinking that same thing
myself last night on it I'm spinning my
wheels here I can be I can be helping
Pythagoras open the Flower of Life
here's a more from Terrence Howard
that's a big remark what do you intend
to do well let me put it this way all
energy in the universe is expressed in
motion all motion is expressing waves
all waves are curved so where does the
straight lines come from to make the
platonic solids there are no straight
lines on Tuesday when I receive my star
I'm going to be able to prove that
gravity is only an effect and not of
course I'm putting something on you too
I will build the planet Saturn without
gravity and built the Milky Way galaxy
without gravity
did you also say you're getting your
star yeah he's gonna be he's building an
actual star I have to believe somewhere
out there Jessie smell that's like well
well well maybe I'm not the craziest guy
this was kind of unbelievable there was
a mixup during the in memoriam montage
last night oh look at this okay so that
man is not Andre Previn
that's another conductor a gentleman
named Leonard slackin who is the music
director laureate for the Detroit
sympathy sympathy orchestra and is is
alive
I see sympathy Symphony Orchestra and
apparently he was just as surprised as
anyone flying out that he had passed
away so we tracked him down he's in
Ireland right now and joining us live I
think please welcome the newly
resurrected Leonard slackin
[Applause]
very happy now I guess my first question
is are you dead right now some people
might wish that no I was really quite
shocked to learn that in giving their
best to Andre Previn they wound up
giving their worse to me where were you
when you found out you'd passed away I
woke up about 4:00 in the morning here
in Ireland and I got up to follow the
baseball scores because that's one of my
passions and I've heard on the computer
and all of a sudden I see oh I know
Andre was gone a few months ago and
apparently now me - was anyone worried
when they saw this when they saw you in
the montage they were a flood of
messages that had come in and I kept
wondering why are they sending me
messages if they think I'm gone you're
like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn you know
you knew Andre Previn correct
I knew him very well my whole family has
been involved in the music business in
Hollywood in particular an Andre great
jazz pianist fantastic film composer
conductor
he did it all he was a great gentleman
and I was just so sad that he couldn't
be remembered the way he should be right
what do you think he would think about
this mix up you know they talk about
people spinning their graves honorees
not spinning he's laughing all the way
well you might be the only person who's
ever seen his own in memoriam so I have
that happened to me a few years ago what
rate for the sake effort Wow film critic
Roger Ebert had me go to the Chicago
sun-times about 25 years ago and he said
would I like to see my obituary I said
sure it's really sad when you see this
and realize your whole life gets boiled
down to a couple of paragraphs and you
realized that everybody's in a
newspapers database just waiting for us
to kick off yeah it's even sadder most
people aren't even in the debate
database at least you're in the database
right oh yeah I hope it still tastes by
the way in case you needed to know yeah
this is the Irish newspaper the
independent here is the date oh and for
those who follow it right underneath you
need to know that yesterday Scotland
defeated Ireland and the world rugby
championships in Tokyo oh well I'm sorry
I'm sure things are pretty glum around
there what would you die and then that
happening at all
memorial service will be in about 15
years all right well thank you so much
I hope it's even longer than that so
[Music]
that's weird if you like that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment